README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Rooney 👋

## About me

- I'm a web developer and I live in Bonn, Germany 🇩🇪
- I work as IT manager at [Schiller Language School] in Bonn, Germany 💼
- Certified Web-Master ([ILS]) in Hamburg, Germany 🏫
- I’m currently learning PHP 📚
- I’m looking to collaborate with other web developers 👯
- currently I am working on this project: [Check it out](https://github.com/os-rooney/travel_tips)! 💻
- Check out my [website] 🌐 
- Fun facts: I like biking and cooking ⚡

### Projects:
-  Travel App 🌍, check out the [source coude], or see it [live](http://www.travel.ronios.de)

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="ronios.com" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/domain" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Rooney Os. | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/instagram-new" />][instagram]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="php" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/php/php.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />


[website]: https://www.ronios.de
[travel]: http://www.travel.ronios.de
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/rooney_os
[Schiller Language School]: https://www.schiller-language-school.com
[ILS]: https://www.ils.de/fernkurse/web-master/
[source coude]: https://github.com/os-rooney/travel_tips

Commit message:

Update - add covid-19 Tracker links

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Rooney 👋

## About me

- I'm a web developer and I live in Bonn, Germany 🇩🇪
- I work as IT manager at [Schiller Language School] in Bonn, Germany 💼
- Certified Web-Master ([ILS]) in Hamburg, Germany 🏫
- I’m currently learning PHP 📚
- I’m looking to collaborate with other web developers 👯
- currently I am working on this project: [Check it out](https://github.com/os-rooney/travel_tips)! 💻
- Check out my [website] 🌐 
- Fun facts: I like biking and cooking ⚡

### Projects:
-  Travel Tips 🌍, check out the [source coude travel], or see it [live](http://www.travel.ronios.de)
-  Covid-19 Tracker, check out the [source coude covid], or see it [live](http://www.covid.ronios.de)

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="ronios.com" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/domain" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Rooney Os. | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/instagram-new" />][instagram]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="php" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/php/php.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />


[website]: https://www.ronios.de
[travel]: http://www.travel.ronios.de
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/rooney_os
[Schiller Language School]: https://www.schiller-language-school.com
[ILS]: https://www.ils.de/fernkurse/web-master/
[source coude travel]: https://github.com/os-rooney/travel_tips
[source coude covid]: https://github.com/os-rooney/covid19Tracker
